docs(helm): helm use to inflate chart (#11692)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/user-guide/helm.md

## Declarative

You can install Helm charts through the UI, or in the declarative GitOps way.  

> Helm is only used to inflate charts, the lifecycle of the application is handle by ArgoCD.  

Reviewer: the application is handleD... (missing D)

> Helm is [only used to inflate charts](../../faq#after-deploying-my-helm-application-with-argo-cd-i-cannot-see-it-with-helm-ls-and-other-helm-commands), the lifecycle of the application is handled by ArgoCD.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Helm is [only used to inflate charts with `helm template`](../../faq#after-deploying-my-helm-application-with-argo-cd-i-cannot-see-it-with-helm-ls-and-other-helm-commands). The lifecycle of the application is handled by Argo CD instead of Helm.
```
